Previously on Strike Back.
We have growing evidence that
your father is stockpiling nuclear triggers.
You'd need to
ask him yourself.
You are a liability, Scott.
Knox is running rings around you,
and I'm the liability?
The goal remains
a strong Africa,
just as America is strong,
and every other nuclear power.
- What the fuck did you do that for?
- It's my way out.
He took out the whole
of your security detail. Hire him.
Take the shot, buddy!
It's your kill!
Hold fire.
It's loaded with
radioactive materials. Let it go.
We are about
to be deported.
Knox has gone dark. It's time
we went dark, too.
Zimbabwe, Harare,
Detention Centre
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Go. Move.
Here. Put this on.
Let's go.
Here, here.
Go, go, go!
12 o'clock!
Hurry up!
Everyone out!
Move now!
Move on!
Cover me!
Cover!
Go, go!
Come on!
Mr. Lutulu,
Conrad Knox sends
his best wishes.
I thought it was
relatively simple.
As I said, there are still components
that need to be configured.
It is not a design that I am
completely familiar with.
Well, how long will it take? I want them
moved north as soon as possible.
48 hours. No more.
I promise.
Here.
Come on, boys.
Walter, my dear,
dear friend.
- Welcome. - Comrade,
it is good to see you.
- So now our great work can begin.
- It can indeed.
Sub by Alex1969 www.addic7ed.com
Synced by Szaki
www.feliratok.info
You know what
I don't get?
Why isn't Knox's picture up
on every freaking news channel in the world?
The triggers are one thing, but fully
functioning nukes?
There are no nukes. They were all
decommissioned, remember?
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
But don't you think there should be
an international fucking manhunt or something?
And that may
very well come, Scott,
but right now, we are the
only people looking for him.
And as you may have picked up, we are
persona non grata in South Africa,
and that is why we are running
this operation covertly.
So be in no doubt--cry for help,
nobody's going to come running for us.
Major Sinclair,
we have a lead.
Yes. Detention center
in Harare, Zimbabwe.
Until 7 hours ago, it was home
to this man, Walter Lutulu,
leader of the party
for a democratic Zimbabwe.
Knox is a known supporter.
Someone broke him out
at 2 AM last night.
- That's no small task, is it?
- Hmm. It's a top-tier outfit.
- What, are you thinking Matlock?
- Well, according to intelligence sources in Harare,
the breakout crew
left a man behind.
He's been identified
as Sebastien Boucher,
an ex-foreign legion merc who's been on
Matlock's payroll since the abduction of Evans.
Where Lutulu
has been taken and why,
and the connection with the
WMD has yet to be determined.
But right now it's the
only lead we've got.
Lutulu has
a daughter--Lilian.
He made contact
two hours ago.
Lily... it's me.
That's an intercept of Walter Lutulu's
voiceprint.
I can't talk long.
Someone will come
and bring you to me.
It will be safe for you
to do what they say.
I'm sorry...
The voice in the
background could be Knox,
now, we can't trace the source of the call,
but we do know where it went to.
Lilian runs a law center
for Zimbabwean refugees in Bukhoma--
a township 3 miles
from here.
Chances are one of Knox's crew
will be making the pickup.
Your job is to track
and report back.
Knox is mission priority.
We play our cards right, Lutulu's
daughter could lead us right to him.
There she is.
Got her.
- She's hot.
- Very.
She's not just a pretty face.
She's Harvard-educated.
Could have had a stellar career
at the UN. But decided to come home
and work for
her father's cause.
Don't worry. Your children will not
be put out onto the streets.
- I'll see you later.
- Ok. See you later.
Reckon she...
might date a soldier?
I think you'd need an IQ
in double digits, mate.
Counts you out,
buddy.
The Musina contingent.
They'll be on the Limpopo
River by nightfall.
Good. Well, the rest of the equipment
will be with you in a couple of days.
Excellent.
Bring her straight here.
Lilian will be with us shortly. My men
are just moving into the township now.
I can't wait
to see her.
She's doing sterling work
with the refugee community.
Whipping up support
for the party. Please, sit.
- I see you have
been busy yourself. - Oh, yes.
My plans
are well advanced.
Good, because
we must be quick.
A leader in exile commands little respect.
How many men do you have?
- Mr. Matlock, how many men
do we have? - Over 800.
All special forces
trained.
One team are already in Zimbabwe,
another two on the border,
a third on their way.
I'm holding 50 back.
So, what's the situation
with you and the army?
Two of the generals
are old friends.
I am assured
of their support.
- Do you trust them? - We fought
together in the war for independence.
I trust them with my life.
- Hi.
- Good morning, Lilian.
Target on the move.
Heads up. 12 o'clock.
Got it.
Do you think
that's her contact?
They certainly don't look like
Matlock's boys, do they?
- Someone should probably
go and take a closer look, huh? - Yeah.
- Yeah.
You probably should
get out there.
Fuck. You wanted to get
out from behind the desk.
Yeah. Well, it beats sitting in an office
writing your paychecks.
All right.
Try and blend in, Sinclair.
What do you call that look?
Gangster Gilligan?
I think Dalton dressed him.
They've got comms
and a file on Lilian.
What do you
want me to do?
Do not engage unless absolutely
necessary, Bravo Team.
This is a
surveillance operation only.
All right, that looks
like it's gonna go live.
Hang on, bud.
Zimbabwean intelligence.
Please come with us.
I don't think so.
I said come with us.
What the
hell is he doing?
Ah! Take your hands
off me.
He's going to
get himself killed.
Brother, please,
I am hungry.
Leave him alone!
I am just hungry.
I said
leave him alone.
You've got
no right--
I warned you.
Back off.
Run!
Move, move!
Sinclair,
down, down!
- Bravo, get out of there now!
- Shit.
- You all right?
- She's gone.
- Get the fuck off my car.
- Let's go! Let's move!
Get in the car!
Let's go!
It's me. I know
where the girl is.
You know
what to do.
This was supposed to be
a stealth operation.
Low-key.
Sorry. We didn't have
much of a choice.
You manage to keep
a track on Lilian?
I'm afraid we lost her.
She disappeared into the township,
and that place is
like a rabbit warren.
There is a chance that
she was injured in the attack.
Yeah. If it wasn't for Rambo here,
she'd probably be dead.
Well, I think the
shooters were Zimbabwean.
From what I could hear,
they were talking in Shona.
What? Secret police?
Revenge attack for
Walter Lutulu's escape?
Well, if we're right and Lutulu
is a catalyst for dissent,
then we could be looking at
the beginning of a coup.
Walter Lutulu with nukes?
He's no hawk. I mean, he spent the
last decade agitating for democracy.
He was a freedom fighter once.
Fought alongside Mugabe.
Nukes or not, they
will need outside help
if they're going to make
a move on Zimbabwe.
- Help from who?
- Let's start with the CIA.
Elements within the administration
have been banging on for years
about the Chinese
taking over Africa.
Zimbabwe up for grabs?
They'd definitely want a piece.
Let Knox do the dirty work
and then move in.
- Right. Scott, a word.
- Yeah.
We've identified
6 key figures--
hard-liners
in the Politburo.
With those out
of the way...
We have assassins
on stand-by, Mr. Lutulu,
ready to strike at the first
stage of the assault.
Some of these men
are old comrades.
I had hoped
to turn them around.
A bloodless coup?
Ballots, not bullets.
Some of those same men
would have seen you hanged, Walter.
If I hadn't moved when I did,
you'd be dead already.
What must be done
must be done.
But I do not want unnecessary
deaths on my conscience.
Power bought with blood
will stain us all.
Papa, I can hardly
believe it's true.
Papa.
Mr. Knox.
There were Zimbabwean
Military Intelligence,
CIO, in the township,
looking to arrest her.
So the regime is striking out
already. Did you stop them?
I didn't need to. Section 20
did that for me. They were already there.
Are you certain?
100%. I recognized
Stonebridge and Scott.
Get me Dreyer on the phone.
He assured me they'd been dealt with.
You, uh, fishing
for information?
I see what
you did there.
- Good, huh?
- No.
It's clever?
If I'm not back in 10 minutes,
then call the coast guard.
You missed
feeding time.
I'm not hungry.
I heard about
the Mossad agent--
Rebecca Levi.
- What about her?
- True you couldn't kill her?
Not couldn't.
Just wouldn't.
Redemption
in a bullet.
Yeah, something like that.
She was looking
for a way out.
She's not
the only one.
No shit.
I want to go home.
I need you to clean
my record, Christy.
20 is tracking weapons of
mass destruction, right?
Who are you
targeting?
Conrad Knox, but you
already know that.
He was behind that jailbreak
in Zimbabwe that freed Walter Lutulu.
Can you tell me
where Knox is?
Ha. Dalton tell you
to ask me that?
You are working
for the wrong woman.
Yeah, I know that.
If you really do
want to go home,
there will be
a price to pay.
You do understand
that?
Yeah.
There's no sign of Lilian. Knox
must have got her out of there by now.
Or she could have
gone to ground.
Major, we have
a security breach.
Shit.
It's Dreyer.
How the hell did he find us?
- Lock the systems down immediately.
- Yes, ma'am.
Contact
Stonebridge and Scott.
I need one minute.
Bravo Team, the crib
is under immediate threat. It's Dreyer.
Roger that.
Scott, let's move! Go.
Let's go.
Mr. Dreyer,
I can explain.
You were supposed
to be on a plane home.
Instead, you're sending black operatives
into the townships and killing people.
I'm charging you with crimes
against the Republic of South Africa.
I understand that we've been sailing
fairly close to the wind--
Get them out of here.
Get your hands off me.
Thanks to you, we have a major diplomatic incident on our hands with Zimbabwe.
Lockdown completed
You had your chance
to leave.
What happens now
is of your own making.
Get them out.
Come on, out!
You know
where to take them.
Move your ass.
Go! Move!
I don't want
to talk about that now.
Ok. I'll just accept it.
You have a boyfriend.
Ha! You
can't ask me that.
What do you mean,
I can't ask you, eh?
I'm allowed to ask you things.
I'm your father.
Papa, believe me.
News of your escape
has filtered out.
The regime tried to suppress it,
but they couldn't hold that news for long.
Then neither must I.
The people will be anxious
to know that I am ok.
You could announce your
return in Bukhoma.
There's an army of activists
already in place.
I could prepare them
for your appearance.
Harness social media.
Facebook. Twitter.
Look, a public appearance now
could be quite dangerous. You know that.
A leader cannot command respect
from behind the shadows.
Believe me, if my people
thought that I was afraid,
they would never
follow me.
Get the fuck
off me!
Sinclair.
On your feet, boet.
Where
the fuck is Dreyer?
I demand you put me in touch
with my legal representation.
Another word, and I'll put you
in touch with your ancestors.
Fokken whore.
Come on.
How is Walter?
Ready for his inauguration?
He's more eager to seize
power than I anticipated.
He knows about
the nuclear weapons?
Not yet, no.
I haven't found the right moment.
Did you know his daughter
has been in contact
with the same army factions
that support her father?
If the regime had killed Walter,
the opposition
planned to install her
as the front runner to the CDZ.
Charming girl.
You've met her?
I made it my mission.
Today's activist is
tomorrow's leader.
She knows who
her friends are.
How does she feel about that?
Do you know?
She shares
her father's steel.
The Lutulus are a true
political dynasty.
You'd do well
to remember that.
Fuck.
- Do you think this is Knox?
- Yeah. I'm pretty sure of it.
We need to get
after that bastard.
But without the crib,
we're limited.
Julia, I've got the core software
on a portable drive.
We'd have limited functionality, but we could be
operational if we had a couple of laptops.
Fuck.
Shit.
Clear.
It's me.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
- What? - Our contact has
no record of any arrests.
- Bullshit. - Dreyer could have had
them taken fucking anywhere.
- Let's go find them.
- Yeah, let's do that.
- Boss.
- Fuck off.
How did you
find me?
Oh, come on.
Every slug leaves a trail.
Where are they? Huh?
Where the fuck
are they?
Some people have arrived
from your embassy.
Really?
What are
their names?
You'll be taken
to see them.
First we have to
process you--
one by one.
Come!
Could you
take off the handcuffs?
Come on. I'm no threat. I'm not even
a field operative.
If it was up to me, coffer, you'd be
in shackles--ball and chain. Move.
Sinclair.
We're getting
out of here.
They're not answering.
- Who are we up against?
- I don't know.
Try again. I have no fucking qualms
about putting a bullet in you.
Try again.
I don't know.
I just make a call.
Mercs? Cops? Who?
They're former
Recces.
South African mercenaries.
Freelancers.
What is this place?
If this place had a name,
then it would exist.
I'm a major
in the British Army.
There are clear guidelines
about the treatment of prisoners.
What about the execution
of prisoners?
It's a trap!
Do you have
children?
Yes.
- What have you done with Sinclair?
- You'll see him just now.
Up.
Up now!
Move.
That's far enough.
Well, could you
remove my cuffs?
I don't want to greet the embassy officials
looking like a common criminal.
Why not?
That's what you are.
Major! Give me the weapon.
Take that.
Did you see Sinclair?
- You. Baxter!
- Yeah!
- This way! - Roger that.
- Go!
Go, go, go!
I'm out!
Shit!
Give me that.
Knox ordered this.
It's not over until
we get that son of a bitch.
Wow.
How did we find this place?
You know how it is. A friend of Dalton's
who used to work on the circuit.
Made some extra cash, bought this
as a cover business, and then it went bust.
- Richmond, have you got picture?
- Nothing.
Good security,
dickhead.
- What about now?
- Yeah. We're up.
- Here.
- Thanks.
- How did we do?
- All right. Ammo, weapons.
Not enough to go
to war.
- You all right?
- Yeah.
Before we do that,
come here.
- Richmond, Baxter.
- Yeah.
Here.
To Oliver.
To an exemplary
soldier.
An honored friend.
I didn't know Major
Sinclair like you all did,
but he died
on my watch,
trying to save
our lives...
And that makes it
personal.
You're damn right
it's fucking personal.
What we do from here
on in, we do in his name.
To Major Sinclair.
Major Sinclair.
I'm sorry, sir, but you're
not allowed in here.
Ok. We have basic
sat-feed and some comms.
Looks like
we're in business.
Ma'am, we have
activity at the law center.
Is Lilian back?
Haven't seen her, but
there's a lot of traffic coming in and out.
Maybe we should break in
tonight and have a look.
- No need.
- What?
I don't know
where Lutulu is,
but he's going
to be in Bukhoma.
It's all over
Twitter.
Perfect.
You weren't meant
to see these...
- Not yet, anyway. - So when
was I supposed to see them?
At the march-past
in a victory parade?
Well, I haven't got these
weapons to take power--
simply to help us
hold on to it.
Our task--
yours and mine--
is to give Africa what
it's always been denied--strength.
You want to turn Zimbabwe
into a nuclear power?
No. The world we live in, you can't negotiate
from a position of weakness.
I thought you would
understand that.
I want to repair relations with
the international community.
I want to see sanctions lifted,
not to turn us into a pariah state!
- L-listen, Walter. We have a deal.
- Not for this!
I've risked a lot
to get these weapons.
They're my gift to you,
along with Zimbabwe itself.
What makes you think that
it is within your power
to give me
my own country?
I liberated you.
I set you free.
To do what?
To take control of our resources?
Our gold mines, our
diamonds, our uranium?
No.
You have already spoken of taking
control of the mining franchise.
Yes, to put the money back into the economy,
where it belongs, not into my pocket.
I have more money than I can
spend in a dozen lifetimes,
and a great deal of it has
gone into financing this coup.
The key element
of this coup
is military backing,
and I already have that.
Walter!
Walter, please.
I know you're upset,
and I'm sorry.
I should have been upfront
with you from the start.
Those weapons need never
leave the hangar.
Now look. Stay here.
Make your speech at Bukhoma.
The people are expecting you.
You can't let them down now.
Very well. But whatever you do,
comrade,
never patronize me.
We can only be partners if we can agree
the right way forward
for my country.
Richmond,
you getting this?
Clean and clear.
And Knox?
No, nothing yet.
Stick
with the Lutulus.
Knox is clearly
invested in them.
Friends and Zimbabweans,
it's time for change!
For new heroes!
And there is no one who has fought harder
to bring freedom to our beloved land than my father,
your friend,
our hero,
Walter Lutulu!
Thank you,
my brothers and sisters.
Thank you, my daughter,
for your kind, if overgenerous words.
But let me say this.
There are no heroes
on this platform.
But before me, I see
hundreds of heroes.
And tomorrow
there will be thousands.
And the day after that, there
will be one million heroes!
Because when we lose
our fear,
we find our freedom!
For now we demand the right
to live free of fear...
Free of oppression...
The right to dignity and democracy...
Yes!
The right to hope, not hate!
Get down! A weapon!
Christ. They've shot him.
Get down!
- We've got a shooter! - Bravos,
stay with the Lutulus.
- Provide whatever
assistance you can. - Yeah. Right.
Shit.
Move!
Hurry, hurry, hurry!
Mike, you got
anything?
Be careful. Be careful.
Zero, I've got eyes
on target!
Do not--
I repeat, do not terminate.
- Quick! Quick!
- Excuse me. Move!
Be careful with him!
Get him on there.
Get him on that truck.
Come on. Move, move, move!
Come on. Move.
- He is the killer!
- No!
- Put your fucking gun down.
I can help you, all right?
I can help.
Shit.
Zero, I need some
help here.
We have eyes
in the sky available. Come on.
Bravo Two, the target seems
to be heading north.
Fuck! We've lost
signal.
Shit.
Bravo Two, I'm sorry.
You're on your own.
It's ok. Ok.
He's the killer!
Put the gun down. I'm not a threat.
I'm not a threat. I'm trying to help you.
I'm trained in
battlefield surgery. Thank you.
I've got to have
a look.
Fuck.
Whoa! Hey, hey. Stop.
Stop. Put that down.
- What's that?
- It's a clotting agent.- Papa!
It'll help
stem the blood.
Try and get us to the
nearest fucking hospital! Come on!
Oi. Fuck.
Hey. You were with Knox, yeah?
Conrad Knox.
Did you see any weapons?
Nuclear weapons?
- What are you talking about?! - Please calm
down. I've got to ask him that question.
- Just help him!
- I'm trying to do the best I can.
Please. Stay calm.
I'm not a fucking doctor.
Just keep your hand there.
Get us to that hospital right now!
Hey, where's my car? Huh?
You said there would be a car here!
Look. Yeah.
He's there. Look.
This is the guy that killed Walter Lutulu!
He's all yours now!
- Zero, how badly
do you want this guy? - Badly.
Yeah, I thought
you'd say that. Shit.
Stop. Stop.
Back off. Back off.
Back off! Back off!
You! Back the fuck off.
Back off right now.
Back off!
I said back off.
Stand up. Oi!
Stand up.
This way. Come here.
This way.
Back.
Whatever Knox is planning,
it is definitely starting here.
Come here.
Zero.
Fuck!
Fuck.
Ok, move. Let's move forward.
Come on.
Papa!
- Medic! I need a fucking medic!
- Help my father, please!
- Doctor. I need a doctor!
- My father!
Are you a doctor? Get out of there.
Come here! You. Over here!
Quickly! Father, stay with me.
- Who's the fucking doctor? You?
- Yes.
- Don't leave me!
On 3. 2, 3.
Careful.
Be careful!
All right, I'm gonna need my monitors.
Get me a BP and a pulse up immediately.
Call surgical. Tell them I'm
going to need a central line.
Try the door.
Go. Come here.
Get in there. Get in.
Stay there.
Stay there!
Sub by Alex1969
Synced by Szaki
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org